# Go API client for client

Moov Metro2 ([Automated Clearing House](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automated_Clearing_House)) implements an HTTP API for creating, parsing and validating Metro2 files. Metro2 is an open-source consumer credit history report for credit report file creation and validation.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/moov-io/metro2](https://github.com/moov-io/metro2)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import client "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), client.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), client.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), client.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), client.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Metro2FilesApi* | [**Convert**](docs/Metro2FilesApi.md#convert) | **Post** /convert | Convert metro2 file
*Metro2FilesApi* | [**Health**](docs/Metro2FilesApi.md#health) | **Get** /health | health metro2 service
*Metro2FilesApi* | [**Print**](docs/Metro2FilesApi.md#print) | **Post** /print | Print metro2 file with specific format
*Metro2FilesApi* | [**Validator**](docs/Metro2FilesApi.md#validator) | **Post** /validator | Validate metro2 file


## Documentation For Models

 - [BaseSegment](docs/BaseSegment.md)
 - [DataRecord](docs/DataRecord.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)
 - [HeaderRecord](docs/HeaderRecord.md)
 - [J1Segment](docs/J1Segment.md)
 - [J2Segment](docs/J2Segment.md)
 - [K1Segment](docs/K1Segment.md)
 - [K2Segment](docs/K2Segment.md)
 - [K3Segment](docs/K3Segment.md)
 - [K4Segment](docs/K4Segment.md)
 - [L1Segment](docs/L1Segment.md)
 - [N1Segment](docs/N1Segment.md)
 - [TrailerRecord](docs/TrailerRecord.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



